The Joe Rogan experience, it'll almost be like,
if everybody was naked all the time, nudity would be no big deal, a little tiny,
little tiny Dick, and that would be, and even then you'd find your niche,
but really well, I always say like, even if you have a little tiny Dick,
a lot of lesbians get hot girls. Yeah, man.
You can just find a girls that don't,
there are girls that don't want to deal with my nine inch piece.
You know what I'm saying? I know. And my personality and my money,
if you're into that, like a snake that's that's what the media says.
I'm not going to describe my piece attack. I mean, it's, it's, he's got,
he's got lungs. You can see him breathe and he's got a crook so I can around.
You should get it painted like an Anaconda. I'd love to match.
If you get your Dick tattooed, like an Anaconda Joe Rogan experience,
does anybody get their Dick tattooed? Like I know people have,
but has anybody had like a really good one done? What would I do though?
The American flag? I don't know what I'd, when NB,
whenever anyone gets a Dick tattooed, it's always like,
like a dragon or something like that.
Ears are here where my balls are dragging the tip of the nose. Yeah.
You want something that says like that joke where it's like, when it's soft,
it says tiny. And when it's hard, it says Ticonderoga in New York. Yeah. Yes,
exactly. That idea. There's a spans. That's the future, you know,
tattoos on your face. Weren't around, back in the day,
nobody had like postal Malone post Malone in the 1970s.
They'd just lock them in jail, something wrong with this kid.
Why are you drawing on your face? Still?
The dumbest craziest I've ever seen in my life yet. Always tired on his face.
Great musician though. Really talented guy, but like, Hey, cut that out.
But like, my point is that didn't exist in the 1960s, right? Yeah.
What about Dick? Tattoo's like, what if that becomes a norm?
What if a girl like takes your pants down in the future and just like,
you don't even have your Dick tattooed up? Well, I thought while, first of all,
I I'll tell you what it has changed. I think young men manscape they,
they shave all the hair off. Okay. Is that guy real? I typed in face tattoos,
1960s. I just saw comes up. Well, that's crazy.
He's got like birds on his forehead and the, uh, Jesus.
Is that real though? Probably. I mean, I'm for sure somebody did it,
but if you get a map, but it's never been as common as it is now,
particularly for show business. Imagine if like, um,
Fred Astaire had face tattoos, you know
that girl's once she got on her cheek there, man,
doesn't it's not real. How do you know viral story? A couple months ago. Oh,
it is fake. Yeah. Oh, it's a drawing, even though if it's a drawing who cares?
It's still crazy. I got drawn her face. I mean, that's your cheek.
Don't tolerate that kind of in your life. Well,
there's a lot of people getting face tattoos when the game was posting pictures
of his huge tick in underwear. Um,
I talked about another dude, giant Dick and underwear.
Like take it out of cats apparently in some way with C, just because it's that,
I guess she's got it. Wasn't take a look at us the game.
And he goes talking about somebody else. Oh,
the guy in cats that was on Instagram, got a piece on that giant piece on them.
And they Instagram took the photo down. Cause they're like,
this is a too sensitive.
Cause he's just got a giant hog and he's in his underwear and black underwear by
the, there it is right there. Look at that piece. That's it. Dick. Hold on.
Here's the thing. Congratulations. That dude was playing with him.
So before that probably a hundred percent. Come on, man. I don't,
I'm not hating it. Listen man. Put in work.
He put in work now. Um, but uh, the, the, the game,
I was a giant Dick as well. You've seen the video. Have you seen the picture?
He posted not try to avoid pictures right now. That's not.
That's fake. So what you go to all the time, fake news, dude. You go to thing.
All right. It's your opinion. Jesus Christ. Yeah. It's outrageous.
I thought, I thought men are going to start doing this now. Jesus.
How many pictures of his hog does he have? I don't know,
but it said something hilarious. He goes, Jesus Christ. Is that real? Yeah,
that would be real. Well, listen, if I had the Dick that big,
I'd let everybody know too. I mean, he's grabbing his Dick. Oh,
that Dick is pretty preposterous. Yeah. That's preposterous. Yeah.
So there you go. That's his day house tags for it and. Yeah. Uh, crazy.
Like something about,
it was really funny that he said something about Halloween,
but don't be afraid of this Dick. Don't worry about ghosts.
That's I shouldn't be afraid of this. Is that what it says? Yes.
Yes. We have chill now. Remember that's right now.
I remember those two, but that one almost doesn't even look real. Oh,
that would be real, but that's like a 15 inch Dick. He's 6, 4, 2. Yeah. Right.
But how big is that Dick? Big enough, but that's about 15 inches. Right?
And thick around like a baby's arm. That's time to break the internet again.
That's a two year olds arm. Does he pay your bills?
Hashtag in a tricking hashtag real ninja as he
take care of your kids, does he lick it from the front to the back?
Has he slid under that? Like Mecca,
Nick and tuned it up with his tongue.
Run her bats until the water is warm as the Miami morning in the spring. Okay.
For women he's high now handling her business side with a giant Dick.
He's holding funny to me.
I got to get his phone number and hang out with him. Buy a drink,
decks approach. Show you is there too, just to make you feel bad. Hey Brian,
before you go that's okay. I always say that to guys.
There are dudes like the problem with giant dudes jujitsu and stuff,
or it's like, you, up.
Could Brendan beat me?
And then what if they were you a Dick that's tattooed like an Anaconda.
That's what I'm getting at. Does anybody have that? Let's take a look.
Surely there's gotta be a guy who's tattooed his Dick, like Anaconda of course.
A hundred percent.
But I'm shocked that I haven't seen this I'm outraged.
This seems like something that I would ever long time.
If I can think of it in 2019,
surely it's been done hundreds and hundreds of times. Yes. There's no way.
Right?
Vice article about everything you want to know about penis tattoos.
And it talks about a guy's 14, um, stripes to make it look like a snake.
That's cool. Let me see it. Doesn't have a picture in the article.
I would go to see for, sign me. See it.
Let me just say care really about but I just want to make sure this is true.
You're not lying. Yeah. I will.
Bring up this and hit images.
Hit it. Bam. See there. Those are just tattoos. That's a dragon.
The far right? That one is the problem. So that far right dragon.
This is dude I've seen before.
This is people that's go shooting the problem of individuality with a Cutera
mall. Is that what it is? Yes. Or they just like dragons.
It's just like a wish their Dick was a dragon. That's possible too. Well,
that's a girl, bro. You don't even know the difference. You know? Boring a girl.
What the? What's that one in the middle.
What's that one in the middle there on the right-hand side. In the middle.
That right there. Bang. What's happening. Oh, that's an issue.
Dragon plus has got a bolt. That's the same guy, man.
He just got more work done on the thighs. Right? And the head high.
You just nailed it. Nailed your Dick down.
Why does he have a bolt through the head of his kick is going on?
What is that guy doing? Is rolling his Dick like dough? Yeah.
He's got a Dick on a rolling bed. That's how they tattoo it. Oh, just,
just stop. I'm done. Oh, that's how they,
they have to flat it out with a rolling pin one. man. I'll do it for attention.
What should I get on my Dick tattoo? Everything you have 10 seconds. 10.
Hello kitty.
That's very good. Oh, look girls to go down there and go. What the hello? Kitty.
Imagine. Hey honey, I got a new thing. Yup. Pull your Dick out.
Your wife sees hello kitty on your. Like what, what?
That's funny. What'd you get like a little star on your cheek? Uh, yeah,
little tiny one star. I want it. I want it teardrop.
Kill somebody to kill somebody, to get it to your drop to a star.
You just have to be cool. A little star. Yeah. You're just like, you know,
you think different the 52. Hey, why not? God. Just to change things to,
I think got sleeved. He got half sleep and he was in his sixties. Sure did.
Yeah.
Just decided to he's my Canary in the coal mine as my canoe in the glaucoma and
just get Steve [inaudible]. Yeah,
he got a full, uh, shoulders chest. All that done. Look at that.
It's impressive. Jacked. See, get a picture of him. That's it.
That's from that movie. That picture go back, go back to the one you just had.
Good. Did it do that to you?
That one that's when he was doing that movie bullet in the head. Yeah,
he got super lean, man. Yeah, man. He got down to like a hundred.
It looks like he's like 170 pounds or something like that. Discipline dude.
Yeah. Ridiculously disciplined.
It takes 150 years old and still doing action movies.
It's people up and you're like, oh, I'm buying it. Yeah. I'm buying it. Yup.
And the Expendables is throwing people against the walls. Like I'm buying it.
Yep. It's got big hands. Big bunks.
He's got Joe Rogan hands. You got thick.
[inaudible] why is your last name Rogan though?
You have just a little like my grandfather on my father's side is half I,
well he was Irish. Like my father was half Irish. Yeah. So his,
my father's mom was a full Italian and his dad was full
Irish. So you're a quarter Irish, Italian there's goodness,
Shives in great shape.
Plus he might be holding stomach camera right there for the picture. Uh,